[Fix #603] Teach RedundantPresenceValidationOnBelongsTo to work with multi-attribute validations (#609)
rubocop/rubocop-rails: changelog/fix_redundant_presence_validation_with_multi_attributes.md

> * [#609](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop-rails/pull/609): Fix autocorrection of multiple attributes for `Rails/RedundantPresenceValidationOnBelongsTo` cop. ([@pirj][])

Reviewer: Can you specify the original issue address instead?

```suggestion
* [#603](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop-rails/issues/603): Fix autocorrection of multiple attributes for `Rails/RedundantPresenceValidationOnBelongsTo` cop. ([@pirj][])
```

Author: Done 👍
